Now that we have some internal state inside of our store,
and we also have a way to get that state,
the next feature we want to add is a way to listen for changes on the state.
So, if we look at the final implementation here,
what's going to happen is
the user of createStore can invoke it in order to get back the store.
Right now, it only has a getState property.
But eventually, it would be nice if they were able to do something like this.
Where what if we provide them a subscribe method,
they could then pass subscribe a callback function.
And whenever the state changes internally,
we can invoke this callback function and then the user could do anything they want.
For now as an example,
let's just say the new state is store dot getState.
So, what we want to add internally inside of
createStore is a way to support this functionality right here.
And we have to keep in mind too that the user might want to subscribe more than one time.
So, let's just say here if the user subscribes again,
they just want to say the store changed.
So, what we need to do internally is we need to
keep track of every time the user call subscribe.
And then eventually, when we add
the functionality to be able to change the state of our store,
we need to then call every function that was passed in when subscribe was invoked.
So, what we'll do is let's come up here and create a new array.
We'll call it listeners.
And then we also need to create our subscribe function here.
And then we want to return that as
well so that the user can then invoke store dot subscribe.
So now, what is subscribe responsible for?
Again, the first thing we want to do is we want to take our listeners array and then we
want to push into it the function that is being passed to subscribe when it is invoked.
Which we will just call the listener.
So now, what we've done is we have an array of listeners
here that whenever we add the functionality for updating the state,
we want to loop through and invoke all of the functions so that
these will log to the console whenever the state inside of our store changes.